Welcome to part two of your challenge.
Please start by launching the Starter Project and we're going to begin by making four pitch requests.
I'm going to enroll Harry in Charms and Potions.
Then I will enrol, run and charms and transfiguration.
All right.
Looking good so far.
Let me go to my H two database and make sure that everything is working as it should.
I'm going to query the student table, then I'm going to query the course student table.
Then I'll query the course table.
I will copy this for a later press run.
All right.
Everything looks good.
We have Harry and Ron both enrolled in their respective courses.
The next step is to delete the course with an ID of five and we need to validate that it gets deleted
in the course table.
So we'll go to delete course.
Delete that course, make sure everything is working as it should, and you'll notice that its association
inside of the course table gets deleted as well.
All right.
Looking good so far.
And here it's telling you that because course owns the association, that it's able to manage what goes
on inside of the joint table.
But now what happens if we try deleting a student with an ID of two?
Let's go over to our delete request for students.
I will delete run from our database or at least attempt to.
And we get a data integrity violation exception.
The issue is we're trying to delete Iran from our table, but unfortunately the student side, it is
the non owning side and as a result it cannot delete its associations inside of the joint table.
If the deletion of this record were to work, this would end up being null, which violates the integrity
of our data.
So at its core, the problem is that the student side of the relationship is not able to make changes
to the table because it is the non owning side.
We need to fix that because mapped by implies that there is another property on the other side that
is managing the relationship.
In turn, the map to BI also implies that this is the non owning side of the association.
It cannot make changes to the joint table.
So we need to remove map to buy and make sure that the student side also has ownership of the joint
table and is equal in managing the relationship.
Now, before I do this, I want to mention that in some cases you may only want a single side of a many
to many relationship to own the association and as a result, putting mapped by on the non owning side
would be perfect.
But for our purposes we need both sides to be equal and managing the relationship.
So what we're going to do is, as was suggested in the article, remove mapped by and make a reference
to the joint table here as well.
But the only difference is from the perspective of student, it would be the owning side.
So we have to call the student ID and the inverse side of the relationship from the student perspective
would be course.
So we would have to call this course ID.
So now we basically have two owning sides.
Both of them are equal in managing the relationship and both are referencing the exact same table.
We should be good.
Now let's try it out.
What is our next task?
We need to make two push requests.
So let's go back to enroll student.
Let's enroll Harry in Charms.
And that's enrol Ron and charms as well.
Now we're going to delete the student with an ID of two and ideally it should delete him as well as
all of his respective associations inside the joint table.
Let's test it out.
And this works beautifully.